---
title: Paid License
version: 3.0.0-pre.4
date: Mon Feb 22 21:51:32 2021 -0800
summary: terms for paid licenses
notes:
- Added the date to the terms.
- Improved the wording of the Personnel section.
- Moved Copyright and Patent down.
- Rewrote Payment.
- Moved Personnel below Projects.
- Set all defined terms in lower case type.
- Mark "project" as a defined term.
---

## Details

- Date: `date` (ISO 8601)

- Developer: `developer name`, `developer location` (ISO 3166-2), `developer e-mail`

- Developer's Agent: `agent name`, `agent location` (ISO 3166-2), `agent website`

- Customer: `customer name`, `customer location` (ISO 3166-2), `customer e-mail`

- Software: `software name`, the `software category` available at `software URL`

## Versions

This license covers the current version of the software as well as any new versions of the software the developer might publish, until they publish a new version with a requirement to buy a separate license.  For example, if the current version of the software is 1.0.0, the developer publishes 1.1.0 in six months, and the developer publishes 1.2.0 six months after that with a requirement to buy separate licenses for 1.2.0, this license covers versions 1.0.0 and 1.1.0, but not 1.2.0.

## Projects

If you combine some or all of the software with other work in a larger project, you can pass this license for the software on to others as part of that project, or "sublicense", under these rules:

### Value

The project has to offer significant additional content or functionality beyond that of the software, and users have to use the project primarily for that additional content or functionality, not what the software provides.  Users after the content or functionality of the software need to buy their own licenses.

### Maintenance

Maintaining the project is allowed, but not using the software to develop new functionality, or for other projects.  Anyone who wants to use the software for original work or in their own projects needs to buy their own license.

### Terms

The terms of any sublicense have to include [Notices](#notices), as well as warranty disclaimers and damages exclusions at least as broad as [Disclaimer](#disclaimer) and [Exclusion](#exclusion).

### Unlimited

You can use the software as part of as many projects as you like.

## Personnel

If the customer is a corporation or other kind of legal entity, rather than an individual, this license covers up to `users` of the customer's personnel in any rolling 90-day period.

### Eligibility

To be covered by this license, you must be:

- an employee of the customer or its wholly owned subsidiary

- an independent contractor providing services to the customer or its wholly owned subsidiary

- an employee or independent contractor of an independent contractor providing services to the customer or its wholly owned subsidiary

### Work

This license covers personnel only for work for the customer or its wholly owned subsidiaries.  For personal projects, personnel need to buy their own licenses.

### Responsibility

Personnel have to follow all the rules of this license.  The customer agrees to stand legally responsible for any personnel that break those rules.

## Notices

To make sure everyone who gets a copy of the software knows about the terms for its use, the customer agrees to give everyone who gets a copy of some or all of the software from them, with or without changes, the text of this license and any free public license for the software.

## Payment

In order to keep this license, the customer's payment of `price` (USD) to developer's agent has to go through and remain settled.  Denial, chargeback, or cancellation of the payment immediately ends this license.

## Copyright

The developer licenses the customer to do everything with the software that would otherwise infringe the developer's copyright in it.

## Patent

The developer licenses the customer to do everything with the software that would otherwise infringe patent claims the developer can license or becomes able to license.

## Agency

The developer's agent provides this license and takes payment on behalf of the developer.  The agent is not a legal "party" to this license.

## Guarantees

The developer guarantees that they own or have the rights to license copyrights in the software.  If the software invokes specific software dependencies, the developer guarantees that those dependencies have either been published under license terms that Blue Oak Council rates "bronze" or better, or their license terms have been noted in documentation published with the software.

## Disclaimer

<span class="conspicuous" markdown="1">With the sole exception of [Guarantee](#guarantee), as far as the law allows, the software comes as is, without any warranty or condition.</span>

## Exclusion

<span class="conspicuous" markdown="1">With the sole exception of [Guarantee](#guarantee), as far as the law allows, neither the developer nor their agent will be liable to anyone for any damages related to the software or this license, under any kind of legal claim.</span>
