---
title: Paid License
version: 3.0.0-pre.2
date: 2021-02-17T04:15Z
summary: terms for paid licenses
---

## Details

- The **Developer** is `developer name`, `developer location` (ISO 3166-2), `developer e-mail`.

- The **Agent** is `agent name`, `agent location` (ISO 3166-2), `agent website`.

- The **Customer** is `customer name`, `customer location` (ISO 3166-2), `customer e-mail`.

- The **Software** is `software name`, the `software category` available at `software URL`.

- The **Price** is `price` (USD).

- The **User Limit** is `users` individual(s) in any rolling 90-day period.

## Payment

This license is conditional on the _Customer_ paying the _Developer_ the _Price_ through the _Agent_ within 24 hours of receiving this license.

## Scope

In general, this license covers the _Software_ as well as any contributions the _Developer_ makes to the _Software_ in the future.  However, this license does not cover any contributions the _Developer_ makes to any future version of the _Software_ for which the _Developer_ sells separate licenses.

## Copyright

The _Developer_ licenses the _Customer_ to do everything with the _Software_ that would otherwise infringe the _Developer_'s copyright in it.

## Patent

The _Developer_ licenses the _Customer_ to do everything with the _Software_ that would otherwise infringe patent claims the _Developer_ can license or becomes able to license.

## Personnel

If the _Customer_ is a corporation, partnership, or other kind of legal entity, and not an individual, the _Customer_ may pass their rights under this license on to, or sublicense, their _Personnel_, under the following rules:

### Eligibility

**Personnel** means:

- employees of the _Customer_

- employees of the _Customer_'s direct and indirect wholly owned subsidiaries

- people working for independent contractors providing services to the _Customer_

- people working for independent contractors providing services to the _Customer_'s direct and indirect wholly owned subsidiaries

### Limit

The _Customer_ may sublicense multiple _Personnel_, but only within the _User Limit_.

### Responsibility

_Personnel_ must abide by all the terms of this license.  The _Customer_ will stand legally responsible for any _Personnel_ that break the terms of this license.

## Projects

If the _Customer_ or its _Personnel_ combine some or all of the _Software_ with other software in a larger software project, the _Customer_ may pass their rights under this license on to, or sublicense, the _Software_ as part of their project, and allow further sublicensing in turn, under the following rules:

### Value

The project must offer significant additional content or functionality beyond that of the _Software_ alone.  End users must use the project primarily for that additional content or functionality.

### Maintenance

The _Customer_ may sublicense others to maintain their project, but not to use the _Software_ in new or different ways in that project, or to develop projects of their own.

### Purpose

The purpose of [Value](#value) and [Maintenance](#maintenance) is to prevent the _Customer_ from sublicensing others who should buy their own private licenses to develop projects with the _Software_.

### Terms

[Sublicensing](#sublicensing) and [Notices](#notices), as well as warranty disclaimers and damages exclusions at least as broad as [Disclaimer](#disclaimer) and [Exclusion](#exclusion), must be part of the terms of each sublicense.

### Unlimited

The _Customer_ may build, and sublicense for, as many projects as they like.

## Notices

In order to make sure that everyone who gets a copy of the _Software_ knows about the license terms for their use, the _Customer_ agrees to give everyone who gets a copy of some or all of the _Software_ from them, with or without changes, the text of this license and of any free public license for the _Software_.

## Agency

The _Developer_ has authorized the _Agent_ to sign this license on the _Developer_'s behalf.  The _Agent_ is not a legal "party" to this license.

## Guarantee

The _Developer_ guarantees that they either own or have the rights to license copyrights in the _Software_.

## Disclaimer

<span class="conspicuous" markdown="1">With the sole exception of [Guarantee](#guarantee), as far as the law allows, the _Software_ comes as is, without any warranty or condition.</span>

## Exclusion

<span class="conspicuous" markdown="1">With the sole exception of [Guarantee](#guarantee), as far as the law allows, neither the _Developer_ nor their _Agent_ will be liable to anyone for any damages related to the _Software_ or this license, under any kind of legal claim.</span>
